# db_project
Backend System for Disaster Site Resources Locator

Entities:

  User - Covers every user using the database. It contains the persons full name,
       Gender, birth date, region, phone number, address, username and password.
       It's primary key is uID.

  Admin - Identifies the user as an administrator. Contains the primary key adminID 
        and the foreign key uID.

  Supplier - Identifies the user as a supplier. Contains the primary key suppID and 
           the foreign key uID.
           
  Requester - Identifies the user as a requester. Contains the primary key reqID and 
           the foreign key uID.
           
  Resources - All items that can be requested/supplied in the database. The resources
            are divided in different categories, using the attribute resCategory, and
            further divided inside this categories by the attribute resSubCategories

  Inventory - Contains all the supplied resources by the suppliers. Contains the 
            date added, total quantity in stock, the quantity that is reserved,
            the quantity available and it's price.
            
  Requests - Contains the needed resources of the requesters (not paired with a supplier).
            Includes the quantity of resources that are requested and date at which the
            it was made. The primary key is rqstID.
            
Relations:

Admin/Supplier/Requester - subcategories of the user entity

Supplies - Which user is providing the resources in the inventory.

Purchases - The resources bought by a requester from the available stock in the inventory.
            Saves the date and amount of resources purchased
            
Reserves - The resources reserved by a requester from the available stock in the inventory
            (to be bought at a later date). Saves the date and amount of resources reserved
            while deriving an expiration date for the reservation (will return the reserved
            resources to the available invertory)
            
Requested - Resources asked for by the requesters

isResource - Guarantees that the resources in the inventory and requests are part
              of the Resource entity.
